Document deprecation for Kokkos 4 (#593)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/deprecation_page.rst

Deprecations
************

Deprecations for Kokkos 4
=========================

up to 43a30195af81b6d1aa5b1efec939af8423857f2c

.. list-table::
   :widths: 20 10 20 50
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Deprecated symbol
     - Since
     - Replacement
     - Additional information
   * - ``Cuda::Cuda(cudaStream_t stream, bool manage_stream)``
     - 4.2.00
     - ``Cuda::Cuda(cudaStream_t stream)``

>      - constructing from a Cuda execution space instance should alwyas used an externally managed cudaStream object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - constructing from a Cuda execution space instance should always used an externally managed ``cudaStream_t`` object
```
